ecglib/README.md, before:

# ecglib - C++ library for processing and analysis of electrocardiograms (ECGs)


## LICENSE

Authors - Lars Johannesen, Jose Vicente, Meisam Hosseini and Dustin C McAfee

ecglib is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License (GNU LGPL3), or (at your option) any later version.

ecglib is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU Lesser General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public License along with this program.  If not, see http://www.gnu.org/licenses/.

## DISCLAIMER

ecglib software and documentation were developed by the authors in their capacities as  Oak Ridge Institute for Science and Education (ORISE) research fellows at the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA). . 

FDA assumes no responsibility whatsoever for use by other parties of the Software, its source code, documentation or compiled executables, and makes no guarantees, expressed or implied, about its quality, reliability, or any other characteristic.  Further, FDA makes no representations that the use of the Software will not infringe any patent or proprietary rights of third parties.   The use of this code in no way implies endorsement by the FDA or confers any advantage in regulatory decisions.

Commit message:

Examples directory updated with simple filter library and multiple automated scripts and reports

ecglib/README.md, after:

# ecglib - C++ library for processing and analysis of electrocardiograms (ECGs)

## SETUP

To download and build ecglib and documentation:

1. Clone ecglib repository
```
git clone https://github.com/FDA/ecglib.git
```
2. Build ecglib documentation
```
cd ecglib
cd ecglib
mkdir build
cd build
cmake ..
make doc
```
3. Open *html/index.html* with your web browser and follow installation instructions in the documentation.

## LICENSE

Authors - Lars Johannesen, Jose Vicente, Meisam Hosseini and Dustin C McAfee

ecglib is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License (GNU LGPL3), or (at your option) any later version.

ecglib is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU Lesser General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public License along with this program.  If not, see http://www.gnu.org/licenses/.

## DISCLAIMER

ecglib software and documentation were developed by the authors in their capacities as  Oak Ridge Institute for Science and Education (ORISE) research fellows at the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA). . 

FDA assumes no responsibility whatsoever for use by other parties of the Software, its source code, documentation or compiled executables, and makes no guarantees, expressed or implied, about its quality, reliability, or any other characteristic.  Further, FDA makes no representations that the use of the Software will not infringe any patent or proprietary rights of third parties.   The use of this code in no way implies endorsement by the FDA or confers any advantage in regulatory decisions.
